Here is the scenario I have in my head:

Vlad's story before meeting Macy:

I was born in Pereiaslav, Ukraine in 1999. My mom and I almost died during the delivery and the delivery too 2 days. And then it took a couple of months for my mom to get better. I grew up as a very curious and smart child. I quickly learned everything. My dad was in the military for 18 years, so I always wanted to be like him. I liked sports, math, computer science, and STEM in general. I would spend every summer break in the village where my grandparents lived Tsybli. But I lived my whole life in the city Cherkasy. I used to help my grandparents with farming. Feeding animals, and a lot of field work. One that Macy knows about is plenting and harvesting potatoes under a very hot sun. Our winters have snow, so we used to slide down the slopes on our backpacks. I was not good at English becuase I did not see a point in learning it in Ukraine since everyone speaks Russian/Ukrainian and almost noone spoke English. But how the turns have tabled - I moved to the US eventually lol. When I was 6 yo, my dad got my my first computer (he got the money for it my selling a written off tank radiator, that was quite a story. They had to hide that radiator in the forest for a couple of days in the bushes until the buyer showed up haha. It was pretty shady lol). I fell in love with computers because I also got my first game for it Need for Speed underground 2. And I was immediately like, wooooow, that crazy! And then I thought to myself, I want to be that person who makes games like that to impress kids like me! And since then - I knew, computers were my thing. And I stuck with it! I ended up studying and studying to become a programmer. When I was 15, the tension between russia and ukraine was escalating and my dad's job was not paying as well as it used to. My dad did not see the future in Ukraine for himself, his wife, and 3 kids (I am the oldest one, Vlad; Ivan, my borther, was born in 2006; Sasha, my sister was born in 2013). So, we decided to start a new life in America. I first flew to Florida and worked like a slave on the kitchen for 14 hours a day for 3 months during the summer and we were finally able to buy a car. Then we moved to Colorado for 2 months because our friends invited us, but it did not work out there. And then finally in september 2015 we moved to the California, OC. The best place ever, I don't want to leave from here. Here I went to Dana Point highschool for 2 years (I was able to skip 1 year of school, because in Ukraine we finish school in 11 years and not 12, and my transcripts had enough classes). Then I went to Saddleback college for 2 years. And then I transfered to UCI and got my bachelors degree. That took me 2 years and 1 summer. During the first quarter of UCI I already got a job that I still work at today. Since I moved to the US I did not do any sports or physical activities so I got pretty chubby. And in 2021 I went to my first EDC LV and I had a BLAST! But then looking back at photos I realized that I am a fatty standing next to all these jacked up dudes that are all looking nice and healthy. Since then I started learning about nutrition, dieting, and started going to the gym, and started playing volleyball with my brother. A year later I went to my second EDC and I looked waaaay better. I was proud of myself. I kept going to EDCs every year and had a lot of fun. Meanwhile at my work I was doing pretty good and felt settled at life finantially. After going to so many EDCs and seeing all couples around me and also friends around me getting into relationships, I started to feel pretty lonely and the life was pretty grim and gray looking. Because I was not going out, I did not have that many friends. And my brother and my other female friend got together too so they were not spending as much time with me. I felt pretty lonely. That was the moment (early 2025) where I decided to try dating apps. It felt pretty intimidating and frustrating when I was getting ghosted all the time. But as I later realized I had it easy compared to Macy. Yes I did have a lot of conversations that led to nowhere, but Macy was my 3rd date in person, and we clicked. Where Macy had to go through like 30! Anyway, once we met up we had a really good date where she got me pretty high and turned on a very weird anime to watch Dan Da Dan lol. And she thought that it went terrible and I will not get back to her because of that. But I loved the date and messaged her next morning. She was super excited. And we went for a second date. During the second date were were laughing about how the first date went. And we ended up going to the Irvine spectrum center. And towards the end of the night we went to the ferris wheel, and this is where I spluttered a line that Macy remembers to this day: "Well I didn't buy these ferris wheel tickets for nothing" and went for a kiss... That was the cringiest thing ever and we both knew it haha. And we were both nervous. But we went for a kiss and it was good. Then we went to my car and had our first "time" there hehe (do a very very slight hint about that). After that date, I went to EDC without her and it was her bday weekend too May 16th 2025 was her bday. After I came back we were dating like crazy! I was riding my green kawasaki ninja 500 at that time. And I would come over very often to her place. Her neughbours hated how loud my bike was probably haha. On the 4th date she invited me to meet her parents and I did! I came over, brought a tiramisu cake which they loved! (there is a funny storry about it, because her mom used to hate that cake and called it tiramipoo, but her dad eventually made her love it, so they kinda laughed about that when I came over and told me that storry). Anyway, we kept dating and dating with Macy. And at some point she started asking when I will ask her to be my gf. And since I have never been dating in my life - I actually did not know I had to officially do that. I just thought if people like each other - they just stay together and that is it, they are just automatically bf and gf. She still laughs at that fact that I did not know that I had to officially ask her. But I didn't flinch back then I told her that I want to wait 1 month exactly since we met. And also in my head I felt like I already expressed my feelings and wanted her to be my gf when I said I love you on our 4th date. She actually did not respond immediately and said that she still needs some time to say that she loves me. I was a bit surprised but I was like ok sure, take your time. And a couple of days later, she showed up and my house with a bunch of gift (candies and legos), and she told me, do you know why I came all the way here (I was in Mission Viejo and she was in Huntington Beach). And I was like why? And she said "To tell you that I love you!". OMG, that was the best feeling in the world hearing that. But coming back to me asking her. Finally in the evening around 9pm at these coordinates 33.652999, -118.006213 at the pier, I finally asked her to be my GF. And she said yes! I got her a Pandora charm bracelet with a heart charm with "M+V" engraving on it. She still wears it and I keep getting her new charms. 


Macy's story before meeting Vlad:

Macy was born in 2004. A little later than Vlad. Vlad decided to appear earlier to prepare and lear stuff, and get ready to meet macy haha. She had ADHD, so she struggled at school, but her parents were going through all the possible programs to make sure that she learns and gets everything straight. She recently found out she was actually offered to ride in a bus for special ed kids and now she is joking that she was a special ed hehe. But she came out perfectly fine! She finished school and went to the Orange County Community College. Got 5 associates degrees from there (wow!). And originally she wanted to become like a warden at a prison. But then changed her mind and decided to be an elementary school teacher. So, she persuades that even now (she goes to CSUF) and has 1 year left until she gets her bachelors degree. She has a 2 year younger sister, Madison. Their parents wanted their girls to be able to stand for themselves. So, they did BJJ for 13 years! (Btw, that was one of the first things that Macy told me on our first date, to make sure I don't do anything to her. She said she tells it to every date lol). When they were around 6 years old, their parents adopted 2 more girls around their age, Kaylee and Ashlyn. Even before the adoption they lived across the street and girls were best friends. So, they were pretty happy. Their family loves traveling, and cruises. They went to Hawaii, Mexico, and a lot of other destinations. Their grandparents also have a cabin at the Lake Arrowhead. And they have a boat, so girls grew up learning how to wakeboard, did rafting, and a bunch of watersports. Macy does not like sand (fun fact). At some point Kaylee had to leave the house for college all the way in Humble. Ashelyn and Madison did not want to leave with their parents anymore and also left the house. So, Macy was there alone. Well, not fully alone. She had a friend, Jenifer. She was in her 40s. They met at the BJJ class. And she divorsed her husband and did not have anywhere to live, so Macy and her family allowed her to stay at their place for a while. So, Jenifer was keeping Macy company. But also, Macy started looking for a relationship. And it was brutal for her. A lot of guys would just ghost her in conversations. So it was frustrating, and annoying. A lot of the guys just looked for a hookup. And lot of creepy guys. She had to go through about 30 dates until she found me. One time she had to message her mom to call her and tell her that she needs to go back home because something happened at home, just so she could escape the creepy guy. Another guy kept asking her to go back to his car looking just for a hookup. And a lot of instances like that. It was not going well for her. And her ex was a jerk who left her as soon as he got what he wanted. For both of us Macy and I the date that we went to was the last date we wanted to go to and if did not work out we would take a break from dating because it was frustrating and we were buring out. Luckily I was the first normal guy who treated her properly and with respect. It was like a breath of fresh air for her. She was super happy that she found me. She told me that my pictures on my hinge profile were terrible because she couldn't properly see my face. Either the lighting was weird or only the side of my face was showing or I had some haloween makup or I had a motorcycle helmet on. Well, the rest of the story you know. Some other thing: she loves anime and we used to constantly watch anime when we would hang out together. And before meeting me she used to paint these pictures of the anime characters on the plexi glass and frame them. They used to hang all around her room but she had to take them down because when they fall they would shatter and she didn't want one of them to lend on her face while she was sleeping hehe. Whenever we would hang out in her room, or when I would sleep over, her parent had a strict rule, that her door needs to remain open. That turned into a funny meme later on and now we remember it with a smile. Macy has a pursian white cat named Cyra. She calls her "Princess". Jenifer would later tell, sometimes when Jenifer was in bed and she heard that someone came back home, she would not be sure if that was Macy or not, but then she would hear "Hiiiiii Princess" and she would immediately know that Macy came back home haha. She loves her can and calls Cyra her child. Another fact about Macy is that she has migranes like her dad, and she keeps battling them and going through different neurologists. Another fact is that she started working before meeting me as a substitute or a teacher aid at schools. She works with SPED kids. 


Our story after we became official bf and gf:

After that day, we just kept growing closer and closer together. Shortly after asking her to be my gf she went on a cruise that was planned a long time ago (and I was invited but I took too long to answer and all the seats go taken, so I couldn't go). And while she was away I understood how much I miss her. So, I wanted to do something nice for her and I made this memory box all hand made with the memories we have build together so far. I spent 3 days with no sleep, working on it. I have pictures of the entire process of making it too. And when she came back she was so surprised to see it all and it melted her heart. She kept showing the box to all her relatives. I also put a meme in this box about the one door policy to her room haha. So, here relatives had a good laugh too. After that she pained me a pickle rick from rick and morty show (one of my favorite characters). She made it on one of those plexi glass framed things. I loved that thing. Especially what melted me was that on the back of it, it said "To my Love, Macy". Noone ever got me anything like that. After that we had a great summer. As you know I am super into raving, so I decided to start with something chiller and we went to Day Trip festival. She seemed to like it even though it was not as good as some of the ones that I have been to like EDC. But she posted some stories on her instagram and all of her firends were like WHAAAAAAT? YOU WENT TO THE RAVE?? OUT OF ALL THE PEOPLE I NEVER EXPECTED YOU. YOU GO GIRL!!! haha. After that the summer was good, we kept going to Lake Arrowhead cabin. She and her family taught me how to wakeboard. I loved it, but it was a struggle. It looks waaay easier than it is. Just to stand up take a lot of skill and effor. We would chill at the dock. They taught me a new game rummikub. It is a staple at their dock, the play it all the time. It was fun. Eventually I backame closer and closer with her parents, sisters, and grandparents. And they invited my siblings to go to the cabin with us! So, my sister Sasha and my cousin Skramko came up with us and did the same activities. And they all loved it. Now they can't wait to go back haha. My parent got to meet Macy at the Glen Ivy Hot Springs where they like to go sometimes to relax. Everything went fine, but since they don't speak English I have to translate everything at these family gatherings, so it is a little hard. Then for my and my dad's bdays in august we went to vegas and I took Macy with me. We stayed at the Bellagio hotel. Her parents were speachless when they heard that we stayed there. We saw one of the most amazing shows in our lives Circue Du Solei "Ka". We also went to the Kings Turnament. And we also drove to the desert to shoot some fun guns, and we have lots of cool pictures! This was also around the time when I bought a condo in Santa Ana and moved in there with Macy and my borther Ivan. He has a bedroom for himself and me and macy have a bedroom. We moved in pretty quickly but this condo is one big project. We are still not done with renovations. We were in a constant construction mode while living here. We had to paint everything, remove popcord ceiling, fully redo the bathroom (to the studs), we had to replace windows, balcony door, replace the flooring, new kitchen, and we are still to this day are not fully done. We still have to do my brother's bathroom. But Macy was really helpful with everything. This project was a good practice for her and a good way to show me that she really knows and has a talent for decorating. I love the colors that she picked for paint, the tile that she helped me choose. The way she decorated everything. One of my favorite features that she did were the hanging flowers in our bedroom that she hand made herself. We also bought a casper quinn bed and mattress that was super expensive and Macy's parents loved it so much that they also decided to upgrade their bed too haha. We bought a big 86 inch TV for our bedroom. When my dad saw it he was like "The TV is a little too big" in a grumpy manner, like why are you buying this expensive stuff while we have all these construction expenses. But we really wanted to have that TV since we spend a lot of time in our bed watching different shows. So, that was something funny that me and Macy still remember. Macy is a good girl in a sence that she never splurs money left and right. She actually is perfect for me in that sense because she controls me more and always finds good deals on marketplace and such. On the October 11 I decided to surprise Macy and since she loves listening to Chappell Roan, and I kinda liked it - I got us a ticket to her concert... Little did I know that that will be the most LGBTQ event that I have ever seen in my life with dragqueens, and stuff like that. It was quite an experience for us as a straight couple haha. Then it was my brother's bday on October 17 and we had to go to my parets house to celebrate it. And Macy was not feeling well, and we were running late, it almost felt like something was trying to stop us from going to this bday party. And when we showed up there, my broser runs up to me and asks to arm wrestle him cause he said his left arm is so strong that he won all of his friends and even his gfs father. And I am all cocky because I am his older brother, thinking to myself "I always win". We started with the right arm and I won. And then we switched to the left arm. And we literally got stuck in the upright position. We were both pushing sooooo hard. And then SNAP! Everyone (including me) though that the plastic table where we were doing this broke. But no, my humerus bone broke in half. My entire family saw that, my parents, my grandma, my little sister, my cousin, my gf, my broother's gf, and of course my poor brother. And then 911, ambulance and ER. Luckly everything healed fine eventually. But the recovery was not fun. And that was a really good test for Macy because she literally had to shower me because I had to hold my broken arm with my other arm. That was a really good test of our relationship. And Macy did awesome, she was very supportive and loving all the way through. And unfortunately that happend right before our next planned rave, Escape Haloween. We already had tickets for the event, the hotel booked, Madison and Macy's friend Viv were invited and all ready. And I broke my arm... But I had enough time for it to heal a bit, so we still ended up going but I was much more catious and did not go into the crowd. We had a blast there on October 31 and November 1 (yes, 2 days!). The first day we were moster high dolls and on the second day we did alise in wanderland theme. I was a mad hatter and Macy was a cheshire cat. Macy did an awesome job on my costume. It was so awesome that everyone wanted to take a picture with me every 5 min haha. We have a lot of photos too. Meanwhile Macy showed me Knotts berry farm a couple of times (I have never been there before, so that was awesome). And then we decided to make a big celebration on our 6 months together. Macy prepared this basket for me with all the things she loves about me and a bunch of gifts that I absolutely loved and a letter that made me cry. And I in turn did a scavenger hunt around our house for her when she woke up. And every letter she found had something I admired about her. And at the end of the scavenger hunt she found a pandora charm of the firefly that said "You light up my life" (and it is actually glow in the dark!). Then I told her to wear something comfy and that we are just going to the mall to play some claw machines at round 1, and we did that, but then I went to the bathroom and changed into the full suite with a jacket and a tie and showed up like that. She was super cofused and speechless. And I told her that we are going to a fancy restaurant. She was underdressed of course, so since we were in the mall, I said that she can buy any outfit she wants. So, she got this nice green dress and shoes, and I made sure to grab her makup bag and a parfume. She was super excited and it all played out really well. We then went to the Orange Hill Restaurant and had an amazing meal with a gorgeous night view at OC. After that we had an amazing christmass with Macy's family. Funny thing about that is that everyone usually dresses up nicely for the Christmass, but me and macy decided to dress up as a sexy santa and his sexy miss clause. It was funny as hell. We have a bunch of pictures. Then we celebrated new year with my Family. And since my family is from Ukraine - it is always a really big table with a LOT of food. Macy to this day is surprised by the amount of food that we have. And it is very different for the American cusine. Kholodets (meat jello Macy calls it), is still a meme that Macy keeps bringing up lol. Then we had an Easter with Macy's family at her grandparents house first. We did egg hunting. It was my first time doing that and eggs were filled with money, candy, and alcohol haha. It was a lot of fun. And then we celebrated Orthodox Easter with my family (it is after Catholic Easter). My family invited Macy's parents over and Ivan gf's parents, so we had a really nice dinner with a lot of food (again lol) where everyone was able to have a nice talk with each other and get to know each other better. I had to translate A LOT haha. Then on April 25th we did Renaissance Fair with Madison, her bf Owen, our friend Viv, my brother Ivan and hi gf Olesia. We dressed up super nicely. And Macy did an outstanding job on my costume. I think it came out the best out of all of us again. It was a lot of fun. It was my first time there, so thank you for showing it to me Macy! We saw sword swallowing. We did naughty bar, where the bar tender talks dirty to you while pouring a drink in your mouth. We ate turkey legs. And we went to see the jowsting at the end. It was an awesome experience! And then was a big big big even for all of us. EDC LV 2026. It was me, Macy, Madison, Owen, and Viv. It was a perfect group of people. We grew very close with each other during that event. We have soooo many good memories from it. I told everyone that I might not go to this one but Macy convinced me to go and I wanted to show you that part of my life. Because the first couple of months dating her that was the only thing I was talking about. I would always be like EDC this, EDC that, oh that thing is better at EDC, oh I remember some moment from EDC, and stuff like that. So, she really wanted to see what is it about. It was my 5th EDC and I said it will be the last one. We decided to camp in the shiftpod (I have never done this before). The time was running out and we got a pod for 4 people. So we had to fill in 2 other spots. And we couldn't find anyone. But then we offered Viv to go with us. But she was graduating and had a big graduating party with all the relatives planned. So, we were understanding. But as soon as she heard that it will probably be the last EDC we go to and it is a weekend of Macy's bday - she was like waaaaat noooo, I will come up with something. And she came back to us with the following plan. She will drive with us to EDC, unpack, go party day 1, then fly back home at 3am, go to graduation at 8am same day and then fly back to EDC the same day. She also said she will move the celebration to next weeked, so she had to tell all of her friends and family about changes. She moved mountains for us. She is a really good friend. She is awesome. And then Madison and Owen that we were also inviting but they did not have enough money and they did not want to take days off work. They also finally got convinced by Owen's coworker that told him "WHAT?! You are invited to EDC and you declined??? Are you crazy? You are in your 20s, go party, go have fun while you can!", and the argument that this will be my last EDC also added to that. So, they said they will come at the last minute. It was so last minute that they had to chase the amazon delivery driver and bribe him to give them their packages qucker because they were late lol. So, they did not even know whether those costumes will be good for them. But luckily everything went awesome and smooth there. Me and Macy pranked everyone and did a fake proposal and a fake marriage at EDC! They all believed (I have a footage and a bunch of pictures), and I made Owen record the whole thing, he even had a tear running for us. It was a nice prank that we then showed to both of our parents to prank them haha. At the EDC everyone REALLY wanted to see Subtronics and he did not disappoint, it was a highlight of the entire weekend. It was so awesome! Everyone was so happy to see him, we had a lot of fun. And like I said that was a perfect group and we bonded together really well. And that is it! That is how we got to our 1 anniversary date! Quite a year together.